

Rahul kumar jha ECN-4728
Email - 1 
 
To --   Gurudeo.singh@espire.com 
Cc --   manish.chauhan@espire.com  
Subject  -- Details about  Project – completed taks
 
Body – 
 
Hello Gurudeo, 
Thank You for assigning me the Project Online Cab booking system. I am writing to you to enquire about Online Cab booking system, actually I am missing some key points of Online Cab booking system like how to create a use case diagram, Because There are lot of data in  Project ,  so I would be grateful if you could give me some further details  or arrange the session regarding this case study , so it would be very helpful for me and my team , I am waiting of your response,  Please provide me more details about the Online Cab booking system 
 .. 
 
Thanks & Regards 
Rahul kumar jha
 
 
 
 
 
Email -- 2 
 
To --    viveksharma@workly.com 
Cc --    manish.chauhan@espire.com , gurudeo.singh@espire.com 
Subject  -- Apology for your inconvenience 
 
 
Dear , Vivek 
 
I Sincerely apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced because we could not complete your work on time due to Some internal issue. At an Organization, customer satisfaction is something we take very seriously. 
We  Understand you depended on us , and deeply regret we failed to deliver the high standard that you’ve come to expect from our Organization.  
We are taking this incident seriously. Once it was discovered, we took appropriate measures to ensure it will not happen again in the future. 
I appreciate your patience with us as we further investigate this issue. I’m confident your next experience with us will be up to your expectations. 
 
 
Thanks & Regards 
Rahul kumar jha
Espire Infolabs 
 
 
Rahul kumar jha
 ECN-4728
 
 
 
Email – 3  
 
To --   manish.chauhan@espire.com ,  gurudeo.singh@espire.com 
Cc --   My all team  
Subject  -- Thank you for your Gratitude 
 
    Thank You for your Appreciation . Thank you to the team because I would not have been                 able to do this without them. 
    I would also like to thank you for all the training you’ve invested in me. It has really paid off. 


Thanks & Regards 
Rahul kumar jha
 
 
 
 
 
Email--4 
 
 
To --   manish.chauhan@espire.com , gurudeo.singh@espire.com 
Cc --   All team 
Subject  -- Resume Office from next Monday 
 
 
Dear team member, 
 
I hope you are doing well. As you know, I was on vacation for the past two weeks. The time off from work has been very relaxing, and it’s been nice spending time with family. 
Though I have one more week left for my scheduled time off, due to trip cancelations, I have decided to come back to work this Monday.   
 
Thanks & Regards 
Rahul kumar jha
